go down to find out some stuff you do
download us we've been living together
in close quarters along with our
creative roommates for the past year and
a half now and we've all gotten pretty
close but like most friends we keep
secrets from each other so to test our
friendship and expose our deepest
thoughts we decided to hook each other
up to a lie detector and ask demos
uncomfortable questions we could think
of we've got Rachel here she is
certified that light the second thing
all of us will be under the so we have
brought all of our best friends here to
ask us the nastiest most personal
questions things are about to go down
there's a lot of truths that we've been
wondering for years and we're about to
find out right here for the first time
are you sad that you don't have a
girlfriend
will you ever run away with our money
ask me that again I should let me do you
think you'll ever run away with our
money
no okay that's a crisis right now have
you ever stolen my yes alright children
do you think you're messy
there's one minute you're laughing but
you're gonna go up to 80 months ago if
you're invisible would you creep on
women yeah you think that you'll be with
yes sirree forever forever well what
does that mean questions over you
sometimes think Matt sucks at his job
no if I propose to your sister would you
say yes like would you give me your
blessing yeah
would you let Carrie marry your sister
know what by your choice you think
you're better editor than do you think
you're the most talented member of yes
theory yeah
[Music]
that's right do you make videos to hook
up with girls do you think Perry's a
tool yes have you ever thought about
running away with all the yes three
money dam was the only one that's not
money come on
would you take Rachel on a date Jesus
Christ guys come on don't do this what's
your answer
I don't know yes or no no do you think
you're the most handsome member of yes
there's a no do you wish you had a
girlfriend
would you ask you
[Music]
Meatwad you know between saving yourself
for saving all of us would you save
yourself no not entirely sure how this
lie-detector contributed to our
friendship
but at least we got to ask each other
questions would never get answers to
otherwise we plan on making a video
where we hook up a stranger to a lie
detector so comment below the best
yes-or-no questions you can think of and
we could be asking you a question
on an upcoming yes theory episode see
what Sunday
[Music]